Bug 1709285 - Add a section about metrics that should not go into client_info [ci skip] (#1711)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/user/pings/index.md

### The `client_info` section

A limited amount of metrics that are generally useful across products.
The data is provided by the embedding application or automatically fetched by the Glean SDK.
It is collected at initialization time and sent in every ping afterwards.
For historical reasons it contains metrics that are only useful on a certain platform.

{{#include ../../../shared/blockquote-info.html}}

##### Additional metrics require a proposal

> Adding new metrics maintained by the Glean SDK team will require a full proposal

> > and details on why that value is useful across multiple platforms and products and needs SDK team ownership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> and details on why that value is useful across multiple platforms and products and needs Glean SDKs team ownership.
```

>

> > The Glean SDK is not taking ownership of new metrics that are platform- or product-specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Glean SDKs are not taking ownership of new metrics that are platform- or product-specific.
```
